Privacy Policy
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes how Muslim app collect and process your personal information through Muslim app. By using Muslim appServices, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.

What Personal Information About Customers Does Muslim Collect? 
No data collected data, data saved locally on your device not collected.

Location data (precise or approximate): location is used in the foreground to get the prayer time by user location and calculate Qublah direction, The user can deny this permission if he does not use this service.

Usage data: 
No data collected data saved locally on your device not collected.

Device data: 
No data collected data saved locally on your device not collected.

Communications data: 
No data collected.

Information You Give Us:
No data collected data saved locally on your device not collected.

Automatic Information:
No automatic data collected.

You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Muslim Services.

What About Cookies and Other Identifiers? To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve Muslim Services, we use cookies and other identifiers.

Does Muslim Share Your Personal Information? Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others.

How Secure Is Information About Me? We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.

We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software. 

As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of the Muslim Services.

Changes to Privacy Policy We may update this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify users of any changes by posting the updated policy on our website and updating the "Last Updated" date.

Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us using the contact information provided in this privacy policy.

This privacy policy is effective as of 10/11/2023

